When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When sharing content across computers, when wanting to publish content to a wider audience, 
when wanting to backup content to more than a single drive, and when looking to work on content with other parties.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
You may be working on a specific feature that you aren't ready to merge with the public repository yet.  It's also likely that you will
want to work offline.  Plus you don't want changes to the public respository to interfere with you while you are making your own changes.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
branches are different commit paths of the same repository, these are used when you want to expirment or otherwise break out a new 
set of changes (like adding a compelx new feature). Clones are copies of the same repository.  you would clone when you want to take a 
copy of a repository to your local computer to make additional changes to it, or even to just view, run and navigate through the repository 
using your own set of tools on your computer (browsers, ides, editors, etc.).  Forking is when you want to get a clone of an existing 
repository on github into your own account, so that you can make changes to your repository without necessarily impacting the originator's 
file.  This allows you commit your own work to the resposiory under your account, while also linking back to the original.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
You can quickly get the state of everything on the server and handle any merges and conflicts locally without having an internet connection.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
I would probably resort to using email with files/screenshots/descriptions of the change. Or if we were colocated I would likely just
ask the reviewer to stop over and take a look at the change.  This would be way less convienient and much harder to track, although for 
small changes the feedback/approval would likely be much easier.  Also the git pull request does a good job of showing what changed, but 
not necessasrily why.  Maybe with comments or other features it would be OK, but a less formal communication method would liklely be 
easier.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
Whenever making larger scope changes (new features, expierimental changes, larege initiatives, big refactorings) I would use a branch.
That has the advantage of being seperate from the core working product so that mistakes aren't as costly.  It also provides better tools
like pull requests for collaboration and review purposes.  I would reserve making changes to master for urgent, important and small bug
fixes or patches.  Less time is needed, but the risk should also be lower given that these kinds of changes are lower in scope and time.